Webhooks course learning video (#3139)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/webhooks.md

dbt Cloud retries sending each event five times. dbt Cloud keeps a log of each webhook delivery for 30 days. Every webhook has its own **Recent Deliveries** section, which lists whether a delivery was successful or failed at a glance. 

:::tip Videos 

> If you're intersted in course learning with videos, check out the [on-demand Webhooks course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/webhooks) from dbt Labs.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're intersted in course learning with videos, check out the [Webhooks on-demand course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/webhooks) from dbt Labs.
```

> If you're intersted in course learning with videos, check out the [Webhooks on-demand course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/webhooks) from dbt Labs.

Reviewer: suggest simpler language and remove typo

```suggestion
If you prefer to learn through videos, check out the [Webhooks on-demand course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/webhooks) from dbt Labs.
```

Author: good sugg! however, i do want to differentiate between any old video to "a structured course".

> If you're intersted in course learning with videos, check out the [Webhooks on-demand course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/webhooks) from dbt Labs.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're interested in course learning with videos, check out the [Webhooks on-demand course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/webhooks) from dbt Labs.
```

> You can also check out the [dbt Fundamentals course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/fundamentals) that we offer for free. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check out the free [dbt Fundamentals course](https://courses.getdbt.com/courses/fundamentals). 
```
